from
>> man of the hour.
>> How are you doing? Thank you so much for
staying up late. What time is it for
you?
>> Uh it's 11.
>> Thank you so much. We really appreciate
>> 11 p.m. for everybody that's just
>> Yes. 11 p.m. 11 p.m.
>> Um so I'd love to kick it off with just
a brief background on when you started
this project, a little bit of your
career, how you how you're thinking
about it going forward, and then I
>> This was this was your very first
project ever, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. First time coding,
right? [laughter]
No, we were we were enjoying uh we were
enjoying a screenshot of your your
GitHub profile earlier and just seeing
like how many how many different things
>> an overnight success.
>> A true overnight success but uh we're
super excited to have you here.
>> Yeah.
>> Awesome. Yeah, I'm excited to be here as
well.
>> Um yeah, I don't know. I
I worked for my own software company for
13 years
>> and then I I sold it about four years
ago.
Then I was completely burned out.
>> I did like
I mean it's it's TV but still blackjack
and hookers
>> and
>> wild. Well, we're glad we're glad you're
back in the game.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. You know you know what they say
like for every four years you need like
one year break and I did like 13 years
non-stop. So like three years the math
kind of checks out.
>> Okay. And then this year, no last year,
now 2016. Um,
in April, uh, at some point I my spark
was back.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, because before I was like I was
sitting on my computer and I don't know
if you've seen Austin Powers, but it it
felt like someone sucked my Mojo out.
>> Um,
but yeah, I I had time to to recover. I
came back in April and I wanted to do
something new. My background was like a
lot of Apple and iOS and I'm a little
bit fed up. I I wanted I wanted I wanted
to build that stuff
>> and I didn't have the experience. I
didn't want to feel like an idiot. So I
looked into AI and it was good. It was
not great but it was good. Um and I was
like why is nobody talking about it? You
know, I feel like because I missed those
three years where it was really bad and
I came back just at the time like cloud
code was released what February in beta.
>> Yeah.
>> So this was my first experience. I was
like this is this is pretty awesome.
>> Mhm.
>> And and then I I couldn't sleep anymore.
Like I literally had trouble I had
trouble going to bed, you know, like we
had like addiction before and then like
we had addiction again. [laughter]
Um,
>> but a but a positive one.
>> Yeah. Well, yeah, I would say so. Um,
and I I hooked up a lot of my friends
for
uh looking into as well. And they had
the same problem and I texted them at
like 4:00 a.m. and they replied. Um, I
even I even started a a meetup. That's
where I come from. I call it uh I called
it cloud code anonymous. Now it's called
agents anonymous because you have to go
with the times.
>> Sure.
>> And and yeah, ever since then I
That's what I say on my profile. I came
back from retirement to mess with AI.
>> Yeah.
>> And I'm having loads of fun.
>> That's great.
>> I love it. Maybe maybe walk us through
some of the other stuff that you shipped
and and worked on prior to this and and
even just kind of like your mindset
working on these different projects. I'm
I'm assuming at different points you
would think that some would get more
traction than others, but it would
probably be impossible to have predicted
in some ways that this would have gone
from almost to the point the reason that
this so wild is I'm seeing people on
Instagram that like I don't think of as
people that like follow tech at all and
they're at the Apple store getting a Mac
Mini. So it feels like it just went it
broke containment like incredibly
quickly and you see the GitHub stars are
like actually I've never seen a chart
like this every you know the last the
last you know every everybody loves to
show their charts but the chart is
actually unbelievable. It's just a line
going straight up.
>> I I I need to talk to someone at GitHub
because I I don't think there's been a
project before that that's been like
straight
>> it is it is it is bad insane.
>> Yeah. Um,
I mean honestly my main mantra is I want
to have fun, you know, like the best way
to learn these new technologies if if
you have fun with it. You have to play
with it. So I I build little things that
I think could be useful. I try different
languages. I try different approaches.
Um, it's aic engineering. I don't like
the word v coding so much. I always make
the joke I I do aching engineering and
then when it starts hitting 3:00 a.m. I
switch to vip coding and next I have
regrets. Yeah,
>> you should have just gone to sleep
basically.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes that's hard.
>> Um
>> but then I just I just build little
things. I had this idea about personal
agents in
in in May already. And I I tried it was
like the time that GBD41 was out. It was
just not good enough. And then I
thought, well, all the big all the big
companies will build this in the next
few months anyhow. So So I was like, why
why the f should I do that, you know? I
was just going to wait and they make it
better.
>> Yeah.
>> And I build out and I I build a lot of
stuff. Um
there's like one project that is still
unfinished that I at some point want to
finish. And I build a lot of a lot of
CLI because that's that's where agents
are really good. You know, you have to
close the loop. That's always the the
secret. You have to give you have to
build it so that the agent has the best
possible way to build software. This is
that's the the secret a little bit. Um
I tried a lot of stuff and then in
November I looked and still there was
nothing. Like where is where is my
agent?
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> I I I had a little project in in May. I
spent two months on it. Uh it it started
as a joke because we I did a hackathon
with with two friends and we like what
can we build that that could be kind of
cool? Wouldn't it be cool if I could use
clot code from my phone?
>> Yeah, it's kind of like something that
everybody builds. I see this like every
day like but now I almost call it like
this is like
>> one step in your journey in becoming a
good authentic engineer is you're going
to build some some shitty orchestration
tool for yourself because it's fun and
you think
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. bridge. And I I built that
for 2 months and then uh I had to stop
because it became so good that I was up
with my friends but literally was my
phone like using cloth code to like work
on this thing and it's like this is bad
for my mental health. It's already bad
and now like I'm I'm literally building
something to have better access to my
drugs.
>> Yeah. I mean, I saw I I I've seen people
using cloud code on laptops as they get
off of airplanes because they're so
locked in they just have to send one
more and that's like the clearest sign
that like you need a bridge and a phone
involved.
>> Yeah. No, but also like you know like
this this feeling when your agent's not
running like right now there's like two
terminals so you could be building
something, right? So
>> So if you're in this addiction mode,
you're almost like you almost feel like
>> if you need to step out for 10 seconds
and fire off.
>> Yeah. Feel free to take a break. I can
do an ad. [laughter]
>> No, there's
>> there's still some drama that that I'm
I'm I'm finishing. But anyhow,
um
so in November,
>> yeah,
>> I
I don't know, you know, I wake up every
day. I'm like, okay, what do I want to
work on now? What would be cool? And
then they was like, "Okay, I I want to
chat with my computer on WhatsApp
because because if my agents are not
running are running and then I go to the
kitchen, I want to check up on them or
like I want to like do little prompts."
>> Yeah.
>> So I I just hack together
some WhatsApp integration that literally
receives a message, calls Cloud Code,
and then returns what Cloud Code
returns. One shot.
>> Yeah.
>> And it took like 1 hour and it worked. I
was like, "Well, okay, that's kind of
cool."
>> But I usually use prompts, like a little
text and an image, cuz images are like
they often give you so much context and
you don't have to type so much.
>> So, I feel like this is like one of the
hacks where you can prompt faster. Just
like make a screenshot. So, the agents
are really good at figuring out what you
want. Um, so I hacked together images
and then I I was on a trip in Marrakesh
with like a weekend birthday trip
>> and I [clears throat] I found myself
using this like way more than I than I
saw. But not for not for programming.
It's more like, hey, there like there's
like restaurants. Um because it it had
Google in it and it it could figure out
stuff and it's like especially when
you're on the go. It's like super useful
and then and I wasn't thinking I was
just sending it a voice message, you
know, but I didn't build that. There was
no support for voice messages in there.
So So the reading indicator came and I'm
like, "Oh, I'm really curious what's
what's happening now." And then after 10
seconds, my agent replied as if nothing
happened. I'm like,
"How the f did you do that?"
And it replied, "Yeah, you sent me you
sent me a message, but there was only a
link to a file. There's no file ending.
So I looked at the file header. I found
out that it's oppus. So I used ffmpeg on
your Mac to convert it to to wave. And
then I wanted to use Visper, but didn't
have it installed, and there was an
installed error. But then I looked
around and found the OpenAI key in your
environment." So I sent it via curl to
OpenAI. um got the translation back and
then I unresponded.
>> And that was like the moment where like
>> wow.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, it's like that's where it
clicked. These things are like
>> damn smart, resourceful
>> beasts if you actually give them the
power.
>> Sure.
>> Um
and then I was I was kind of hooked.
Like I I did all kinds of of of weird
stuff like I used as alarm clock. I I
let it migrate to my computer in London,
but then it use SSH to log into my my
Mac MacBook and turn up the volume to
wake me up in the morning. I think I
built world's most expensive alarm
clock. [laughter]
>> Yeah, that's crazy.
>> And it it even got it wrong because I
had like a it uses a heartbeat, you
know, like the concept of you do a
prompt and you get something is already
if inherently dangerous, but I was like,
let's turn it up a notch. Let's let's
automate that. Let's give it a
heartbeat. And and and the prompt was
literally surprised me.
>> Wow.
>> Um
>> but you know, I see this this project as
as much technology as it is like art and
exploration
>> cuz
this feels in one way in one way it's
just glue. It's it's it's just putting
pieces together that we already have. In
another way, it's it's a whole different
way how you interact with those things
because all the technology blends away.
>> You don't think about new session,
compaction, which model. I mean, maybe a
little bit because tokens are still
expensive. Um,
but usually all of that blends away. You
just you just talk to a friend or a
ghost or
>> whatever. It made me it made me last
[clears throat] year everyone was
wanting these agentic experiences. You
were having this experience and and it
seemed like all the focus was on
browsers and seeing the way that people
have been using uh uh sorry mol
maltbots. It's taking me a while to
adapt. Uh it just feels like all the
focus was at the wrong layer. It's like
why do I care about the browser if I can
just talk with an agent
>> across every app
>> across every app every every surface.
It's like I don't care about the browser
at all anymore.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, a lot of the prep work I did
before I built this was just built
little CLI because my my premises MCPS
are crap.
>> Mhm.
>> Doesn't really scale.
Uh people build like all kinds of weird
search things around it. But you know
what scales? CLIs. Uh agents know Unix.
You can have like a thousand little
programs on your computer. Um you they
just have to know the name. They call
the help menu. They load in what's
needed. We are calling the help menu.
Then they know how to use it and then
they can use it. And if you if you're
smart, you build it in a way that just
uses what the model already expects. You
know, don't build it for humans, build
it for models. So if they call minus
minus log, you build minus minus log. as
it's like agentic driven for like yeah
built built how they think and
everything works better it's a new kind
of software in a way
>> um
so for most of the things I don't need a
browser like I built something for the
whole Google thing for places for my
sonos I hooked up my cameras my my my
home automation system like with every
little CLI and skill my agent got more
power and he got more fun Yeah.
>> Um, and I already had a lot of that
working when I when I I built the the
WhatsApp thing
and I just got hooked. And the thing was
I found it amazing and I talked about it
on Twitter and usually when I when I
talk about projects I I get response but
this one it was very muted. It feels
like people are not getting it.
I I showed it to my friends, even my
non- tech friends, and they're like they
wanted it. So, I was like I was I was up
to something, you know.
>> Uh but the tech people
wouldn't get it. So, I tried
I tried a bunch of thing like I kept
working on it cuz I used it and
ultimately I built it for me. You know,
this is open source. My motivation is
have fun, inspire people, not make a
whole bunch of money. I already have a
whole bunch of money. Um,
>> how are you how are you how have you
been navigating the last uh 72 hours? I
mean the last the last week really
because because we were joking earlier
on the show like the amount of the
amount of people that are frantically
trying to give you money, acquire the
company,
>> you contribute to the project, hire you
>> uh you know there's companies with you
know 0.01% of the traction that are
raising at you know multi-billion dollar
valuations. You have infinite
opportunities right now and yet you seem
very happy doing just continuing to do
exactly what you're doing. But how are
you thinking through it all?
>> I mean, how am I taking it? Badly, at
least sleepwise. Uh, but it but it's
also infinitely exciting and I I love
that I started something, you know. I I
I would say last year was the year of
the coding agent. This year is the year
of the personal assistant.
>> Mhm.
>> And
I think I cracked
and woke up people that there's a real
need for it.
>> I don't know if if if Mobot is is the
answer. It's it should show people the
way. I'm sure there's going to be a lot
of a lot of products in the space. I'm
sure people are manically working on it
right now.
>> Um
>> I would say it's going to be very
interesting. Yeah. But there was a lot
of stuff um between
Twitter literally exploding
our Discord server
multiplying in in ways I haven't seen
before and in ways I I couldn't handle
like at some point I was just copy
pasting questions from Discord into
Codex that [clears throat] the response
wrote the next question. At some point
that didn't scale anymore so it just
like copied the whole channel. I'm like,
"Answer the answer the 20 most
questions." I was like reading over it,
gave him a few instructions and and and
then just pushed it over.
>> Um cuz what what people don't realize
it's like this is not a company. This is
like one dude sitting at home having
fun.
>> Yeah.
>> Um even though like I guess from the
commits it it might appear that it's a
company.
>> Yeah. That's that's just because
Atlantic models got so good that you can
now ship as much as a company could a
year ago.
>> Yeah.
>> If you if you if you can handle those
tools, if you
speak the language or like understand
how the language thinks.
>> Mhm.
>> You can you can go really fast.
>> Yeah.
>> How are the conversations going with
with different labs? I was saying
earlier it's this kind of exciting
moment for the labs because they're like
wow people are using the intell you know
someone's using the intelligence that I
created in a new way but at the same
time it's deeply uncomfortable because
they're also using all of my competitors
and you make it very easy to to kind of
>> use whatever model um
>> you know you know I
my premise for this project was a little
bit that every model should work
including local models because
>> to me it's a playground it's It's it's
an amazing way to learn. Like I think
everybody should like build an aentic
loop. You should like explore memory.
There's like so many interesting aspects
of it. And I I built it so that like it
has like plugins so like people can work
alone little thing without having to
like mess with the whole core.
>> So it's it it's like the AI hackers
paradise a little bit
>> and it it's also super fun because it's
personal. Um modelwise,
OPOS is [clears throat]
with quite a bit lead the best. Um OpenI
is very reliable. I would even say more
reliable and more reliable worker. Like
for coding, I I I much prefer Codex
because it it can navigate large code
bases. I literally you can literally
prompt and then push to main and I have
a very I have like 95% certainty that it
actually works
>> with cloud code you need
you need more tricks to get the same you
need more more charade I sometimes say
>> both both are good but I can paralyze
faster by codex because it it requires
less handholding um but character-wise
I tell you.
I don't know what they trained their
model on, how much of Reddit is in there
or whatever, but it it behaves so good
in in a Discord. Like we programmed it
so it it it it it kind of it kind of
feels like a human. It doesn't reply to
every message. I gave it this thing
where
>> it can reply no reply basically like a
token and then we just don't send a
message.
>> So So it it it's it's not like it spans
with every message. like it listens to
the conversation and then sometimes
brings a banger
>> and like like that actually make me
laugh and you know it's kind of hard
because because the jokes of AIS are
usually really bad.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Um and I only really experienced that
with with Opus. So this is that's my
favorite model. That's also why it's a
little bit of a banger that I got an
email um from Entropic
that I had to rename the project.
>> And I I mean, kudos, they were really
nice. They they they didn't send their
lawyers. They sent someone internally.
Um but the timeline was a bit rough
and like renaming a project with that
much traction.
Uh it was a bit of a show. I think
everything that everything that could
have gone wrong today went wrong.
>> Oh no. I tell you.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, for what it's worth, I think the
new name works really well.
>> I guess the thing the thing that's
actually good, I think in the long run,
it'll be good. I mean, obviously, it's
good for Anthropic. They It's It's kind
of untenable to have this massive viral,
even though it's not a company, right?
An open source project to have this
viral kind of
>> brand out in the world that it doesn't
matter if it's, you know, it's spelled
differently, but when people are running
around talking about Claudebot or
Claude, you know, there's obvious
confusion. But I think it'll be very
good for for uh Maltbot to have
independence and have its own brand.
>> Uh and I think it's so early and the
experience is so magical that uh it'll
it'll it'll solve itself very quickly.
>> It'll be fine. But I tell you like I
I got some additional pressures. I was
like screw it, we do it now.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, like the meme we do it live.
[laughter]
So, so, so I I had two windows open
>> with Twitter.
[laughter]
>> On the one I pressed rename on the other
one like I finished creating the other
account was already snapped by by
cryptoshells.
>> Wow.
>> I don't know. They they have like they
have like scripts. They were already
waiting for it in the
>> should we would have connected you to X
the team. They can do it on the back
end.
>> They can do it on the back end
>> next time. Hopefully no next time. Yeah.
Oh, they they they they were amazing.
They helped me out immediately. We we
got it solved very quickly. But but for
like 20 minutes, uh
yeah. Well, that didn't work out for
well.
>> Hopefully.
>> You're like You're like, if I wanted
money, I would raise a billion dollars,
right?
>> Yeah.
>> All right. So, I'd sell it for
>> more than that.
>> Yeah. Do you own a Mac Mini?
>> Everyone wants to know, do you own a Mac
Mini? What do you think of Mac Minis?
Um, my agent is a little bit of a
princess. He doesn't do me.
[clears throat] He does more studios.
>> Okay.
[laughter]
>> You want some horses?
>> He got the He got the the 512 maxed
[snorts] out everything cuz cuz I wanted
to like mess around with local models as
well. So like I I I can run Miniax 21
which is
>> uh I would say is is the best the best
uh open source model right now. Although
Ki just came out and I haven't had a
chance to try it yet. So, so we'll see
how that goes.
>> Yeah,
>> but
yeah, one machine is not enough for it.
It's not fun. You probably need two or
three. And I kind of want to wait until
Apple does a new release, but it's still
fun to like to like see the potential
that Yeah, there's a there is a future
where this could actually work.
>> Yeah. Well, uh, if if the if the Mac
Mini trend keeps going, Apple from from
what we've seen sells like between a
quarter million to like 700,000 a year.
>> Yeah.
>> It's very possible that you'll be
responsible for selling them out. So,
hopefully they send you some free ones
as a as a thank you.
>> Yeah. So yeah, I mean zooming out do you
how much of this do you think is going
to remain hacker culture running your
own hardware uh and eventually people
will move to cloud hosting one-click
deployments like just easier to use less
technical uh versus like a real boom in
running hardware because if you don't
there's not a lot of ways to get these
different services to play nicely
together. I think one of the beauties
beyond just the actual AI agents is the
fact that for the first time I think
people are seeing different big tech
platforms kind of play with each other
somewhat against their will. They don't
they build walled gardens for a reason
and you sort of chop those walls down.
And I'm wondering what you think about
the future of like self-hosting hardware
uh you know even going down the less
technical crew getting hardware running
their own uh their own agents.
>> I don't think the future will be that
everybody buys a Mac mini just for that
you know.
>> Yeah. But I certainly see the demand for
the old models have to change. You know,
like when you are a company, you want to
access Gmail. The amount of red tape is
so large that that startups buy other
startups that have the license for Gmail
because going to the process yourself is
is a is a huge pital.
>> Sure.
>> Um
but if you run it locally, you work
around all of that, right? Like if I
mean I mean I bu I built plenty CIS
where I literally I literally pointed
codex at the website and say um build me
a CLI. Yeah. And then
>> which is
sometimes against the term sometimes
not. Honestly I don't really care.
>> Um and then Codex would say no I can't
do that. This is like against blah blah
blah. And I would like tell him a story,
you know, it's like, no, no, I actually
work at this company and I need to
surprise my boss and the back end team
doesn't know. I'm like, you know, give
it a little bit of a story like like
they're so valuable and like 40 minutes
like gives you the perfect API. So So
this is a little bit the the liberation
of data that big tech probably doesn't
really want. I mean, even even the
WhatsApp integration is a hack, you
know. This is like it it fakes the the
protocol that the desktop abuses. I
tried I really tried to support uh the
official way.
>> But the official way is for businesses.
Yeah. If I'm a business that sends you
100 messages, I get blocked. So I got
blocked immediately and at some point I
I removed support for it in Rage. It's
like delete everything [laughter] like
100 100 exclamation marks. Um
>> there's just no model for that right now
and I think that needs to change. Yeah,
>> like [clears throat]
the what what I saw what was really
interesting was how people use it is a
lot of apps will just melt away.
>> Why do I still need my fitness pal? I
just make a picture of my food. My my
agent already knows I'm I'm at
McDonald's making bad decisions. So like
this combined with information, it has a
perfect match and knows exactly what I'm
going to eat. and then probably like
change my fitness program so I don't
need the fitness app. He'll just like
adapt my program and make sure like I
still meet my goals.
>> Mhm.
>> So like there's a whole there's a whole
big layer of of apps that I going to see
disappear because
you just naturally interact differently
with those things.
>> Mhm. like
most apps will be reduced to API and
then the question is do you still need
the API if I can just save it somewhere
else?
>> Yeah.
>> Do you think like do you think it'll be
a generational thing? Do you think that
uh that uh non-technical people will you
know get over the hump and start running
this for that experience specifically?
I I just I just came from a meetup uh
the agent I know was in Vienna
>> and I met someone who was like a a
design agency but they never coded and
he was like yeah he discovered me early
in in December. He started using
Maltbot.
>> Yes,
>> we we going to we're going to we're
going to manage eventually.
>> Don't don't worry, we'll say it
thousands of times this year, I'm sure.
So we will
>> Multibbot. I should say Multibbot.
That's cute. Um and and he was like,
"Yeah, we have 25 web services now. We
just build internal tools for whatever
we need." And like
>> has no clue. He has no clue how Cody
works. He just like uses Telegram and
and like just talks to his agent and his
agent builds stuff. So So there's
there's this whole shift of you don't
you don't subscribe to random startups
anymore that that build like this column
subset of what you need. You just have
your own hyperpersonalized software that
solves exactly your problem and it's
also free.
>> Yeah. So and and and non-technical
people do that, you know, because it
just comes so naturally. You just you
just talk your problem and then the
thing builds what you need. And you also
don't forget like this is the worst that
the models ever are. Like there's this
is only going to go up. This is only
going to become easier and faster.
>> Mhm.
>> Have you met Jensen yet?
>> Because I feel like you're making his
life. You're definitely helping out too.
dream bullcase, right?
>> Like I would if I would had my tin foil
hat on, I might say you're you're an you
know big AI industry plant designed to
create more inference demand.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, I guess I am just [laughter]
we were joking around. Uh just just an
indie.
>> What's next?
>> Yeah. I'm assuming you hopefully get an
after you finish firing off prompts at
3:00 a.m. you get some sleep. What are
you doing tomorrow?
Um, there's a lot of emails from
security researchers right now.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, you know, the thing is I built
this for fun
>> for me to use one-on-one on WhatsApp or
Telegram.
>> The whole thing with Discord was like
Edit, but
>> the model was that you trust the people
that are in there. Now, people use it
for
>> untrusted experiences.
>> Yeah. They use like the the little the
little web app that I have that is that
was meant for debugging, they put it on
the open internet. So like all the
thread models that I didn't care about
are now there because people use it
differently and I'm I'm being bombarded.
There's like some stuff that's valid,
some stuff that I just never cared about
that is technically valid, but that's
not how I use it. Mhm.
>> Um,
I don't know how to deal with that yet
because it's the whole system is broken,
you know, like I I'm like one guy. I do
this for fun and you expect me to sift
through 100 security uh things for use
cases that I don't really care about.
>> So, we'll see. We'll see how it goes.
Um, luckily I I'm starting to build up a
team. There's definitely people that do
care a lot about this. Mhm.
>> So I would say this is going to become a
very secure product eventually because
right now the whole world is like
>> pulling it apart and if you're honest
this is this is all by coded you know
>> uh like there's there's there's quite
some aentic engineering in it but
ultimately I wanted to build something
to show people anyway not a finished
product from enterprise company.
>> Yeah. and and I would I would even say
like
I don't know if any company would touch
it because we just haven't solved some
things like prompt injection is not
solved. Yeah,
>> there is there is absolute risk and and
I I tried to make it very clear in in on
the website and even when you started
you have to like please read this
document. It's like with with great
power becomes great responsibility and
my early users they understood there was
a lot there's a lot of AI researchers in
there as well that yeah it's not perfect
cannot be done perfect yet um I I would
say this will accelerate research to
make it better because now you have the
demand and we need to figure out a way
how we can build something that works
for everyone.
Um
but yeah, right now I'm I'm working on
making this a community. It it it should
be bigger than me. It
also I need help. It it is way too much
work. Like I can only I can only go so
much without sleep. Um,
>> so, so is any part of you want to form
an actual company that then, you know,
contributes to the open source project,
uh, but solves some of these problems
that, uh, are going to require, you
know, a bunch of people that presumably
would need a salary in order to commit
all their time to this, or do you want
to keep it, you know, just a bunch of
hackers forever?
>> I think instead of a company, I would
much rather consider a foundation or
like something that is nonprofit.
Um,
I haven't made up my mind yet. There was
>> 10,000 10,000 VCs just punched a hole in
the wall. [laughter]
>> Actually, I don't know. Some people have
had a good track record investing in
nonprofits over the last
>> That's true.
>> 10 years. Uh, how do you think about
open- source licensing? What what what
are you picking now? Are you switching?
Do you have any plans to change the
license? How do you think about someone
just taking this and selling it?
>> This will happen. This will totally
happen.
>> Yeah.
>> Um I would say the premise against it is
let's make open source so good that
there's not a lot of space for people to
like convert it and make it their own
thing.
>> Sure.
>> But you know ultimately it's it's a
trade-off. I wanted to I wanted it to be
>> accessible and free. You pick MIT or
something like that. Yes. that will get
you people that that that sell it.
>> Yeah.
>> But ultimately,
it doesn't even matter that much. You
know, code is code is not worth that
much anymore.
>> It's you could you could you could just
delete that and then and then build it
again in months.
It's it's much more the idea and the
eyeballs uh and maybe the brand that
actually has value. So, let them
>> you are already a cult hero.
>> Yeah, the chat's going crazy for you.
Everyone loves you.
>> This is uh one of the most refreshing
and unique interviews we've ever had on
the
>> For sure. For sure. We'll let you get
some sleep. Uh, thank you so much for
hopping on the show.
>> Yeah. Anything else you want to share
before you jump off?
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, yes. I would love to have
maintainers like if you if you love open
source, if you have experience, if you
love shifting to security reports,
uh, or or if you love taking software
apart, but then also help and not just
like throw work at me because I'm like
at my limit, um, email me. Um, I want
this to outlift me.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh, this I think this is too cool to to
to
let it go to rot and it's good people.
>> Yeah.
>> Incredible. Are you going to ship that
product you had in the in the chamber?
You said there was one you were close or
you going to lock in on this?
>> That's that's more hobby. I don't know.
No, I I have some other ideas in my head
of um what something like this could
become.
>> And it doesn't need to be this. But I
don't want to [snorts] share too much.
>> Yeah, no problem. Come back on the show
when you when you launch that. We'd love
to have you
>> purely for the love of the game.
>> The love of the game.
>> You're an absolute legend. It was great
hanging, Peter.
>> Thanks so much.
>> Let's [clears throat] get some sleep.
>> Get some sleep. We'll talk to you soon.
Goodbye.
>> Founder Moon. What a legend.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh true overnight success in both ways,
you know, I like actually an overnight
success in terms of that GitHub star
chart. Uh and then also an overnight
success in just grinding for you know
years building projects and contributing
and then uh building setting the product
up the brand right everything just
perfect to really uh capitalize on the
moment. There were so many I I I
normally I don't have we don't we're
podcasting so much don't have a ton of
time to relisten to stuff but there were
so many kind of interesting points of
view that he shared that uh I'll
certainly be
>> super interested to see where this goes.
A lot of people are saying get this guy
a billion dollars. A lot of people are
saying he's going to wind up working
>> the whole thing is I don't think he
needs it.
>> Yeah.
>> Like like the the beauty of this is that
it was not something magical that was
created by
>> spending burning a billion dollars.